Define l = character("Cileren")
Define c = character("Casey")

$ HasCileren = Yes
Scene bg market
Show cardcileren
    
    c "Oh, fates be damned. Cileren Naezeros, the nation's sweetheart."
    c "Cileren was born into the upper-upper crust, and because of that her parents could afford the best Wizardball tutors out there. She learned from the best of the best, myself included."
    c "Her skills were on-track to be something amazing, and in the college circuit, she was the brightest bulb in the bunch."
    c "Issue with bright bulbs, though, is that they're the one's that burn out fastest."
    c "The saccharine call of the frat lifestyle was too sweet for her to dismiss, and once she started missing games to go to parties, she was let go."
    c "Maybe... Maybe if I could convince her she still had what it takes, just maybe she’d be willing to join the team."
    l "WOAH DAMN."
    hide cardcileren
    show cileren
    "I bumped into her in the dollar section of the market, literally. She nearly spilt her disposable cup of booze on me."
    l "Sorry for bumping into you, my dudester! You should be careful where you’re going, to be real."
    c "Ah, no, it's no issue. Truth be told, I was hoping to catch up with you. See, I have this offer-"
    l "Oh SHIT bro, are you..."
    "She quickly looked around, and when she saw no one was nearby, or cared, she whispered."
    l "...Selling?"
    c "I... What? No."
    l "Oh, cool, cool, for sure, for sure. I get what you mean."
    "She leaned in for another whisper
    l "Keeping it on the down-low so you don’t get caught dealing, I gotcha old timer. Don’t worry. I’m totally not buying. Wink!"
    l "So, Whachu’ got on stock? Pre-rolls? WMS? A goon-sack maybe?"
    c "... Did you just say the word ''wink'' instead of winking?"
    l "Ha, 'course I did, broseph. I didn’t want anyone here to see me winking. Otherwise they might get suspicious. Wink."
    c "How is that less supicious than just actually winking?! Wait, what the fuck is a GOON SACK?"
    l "Who doesn’t know what a GOON SACK is?! Just look it up or something. You know, you’re a really shitty drug dealer."
    "I was inches away from losing my mind."
    c "That's because I'm not one! I'm a coach, recruiting for a new pro team that's starting up in town."
    l "Ah, so dope slingin's just like, a hobby? Some sidegig? I respect the hustle."
    c "GOD DAMN IT I DON'T HAVE ANY DRUGS!"
    "I yelled that at the top of my lungs. A small crowd of people who weren't interested before started to accumulate."
    "Cileren, in a voice that sounded practiced, said loudly,"
    l "Oh, of course! And neither of us dignified folk would ever be looking for any ''Drug'', in the first place. To suggest such a thing would be folly, of the highest regard! Oh ho ho ho!"
    "She stepped on my foot, when I wasn't laughing."
    "I needed to play along, quick, so I said back..."
    menu:
    
    "Oh, of course not, sport! And that's the propper thing to say to any of those turkeys come at'cha!":
    jump cileren_a1
    
    "Why, I do agree, my dear compatriot! What utter foolishness, similar to the upcoming game at Hell Stadium!":
    jump cileren_a2
    
    label cileren_a1
    l "Why, that's right coach! I'd never go after anything like that, not even once!"
    "I patted her on the back."
    c "That's right, champ. We're gonna get those chumps down at Hell Valley for sure!"
    l "Oh, definetly, we're gonna do that thing that you just said."
    c "In fact, I'm offering seats right now to watch us go and beat those fiends down in Hell! All you gotta do, is promise you'll say no to drugs."
    "A few people walked up, saying things that'd fit perfectly in an after school special. The entire time, Cileren was glaring knives at me.":
    jump cileren_a3
    
    label cileren_a2
    l "Oh ho ho, my good individual, that's... That's true, that thing you just said."
    c "Indubitibly so, and what not! Truly, the speldiferous nature of meerly playing the game is enough to get OUR jollies, now isn't it, maddamme?"
    l "Oh, yeah, for- without a doubt!"
    c "Yes, the match between the new and exciting Comedians, found here in town, at the Katabas Stadium, and those scoundrels, the Tophets! You'll see us there, you see."
    l "Ah, sure! There... Sober as can be! Here's hoping we don't throw too..."
    "She steps hard on my foot."
    l "HEAVY HANDEDLY. We might have..."
    "She steps hard on my foot, again."
    l "TONE IT DOWN A NOTCH, otherwise."
    c "Ah, mm. Quite."
    
    label cileren_a3
    "The crowd eventually dissipates, and Cileren turns to face me, angry as can be."
    l "God, what the fuck bro? You seriously aren't a drug dealer, that was some of the worst acting I've ever seen."
    c "Yeah, I deserve that. But listen, all those folks are expecting to see you play. If they go and you aren't at least benchwarming, they're gonna know something's up."
    c "I'll be the first to admit, that was shitty on my end. But you've gotta be in, at least, this 1 game. I'll get you all the goonsacks you need, after."
    l "It's goonBAG, brah. And fine, whatever."
    c "C'mon, it'll be fun. You'll get to show off all those ''Dope moves'' you know."
    "She stifled a laugh."
    l "Don't try to sound hip, gaffer. It is MONDO lame."
    c "Yeah... Yeah. Be in hell, few days from now. You got it?"
    l "Whatever you say, duderino."
    hide cileren
    "She appearated a skateboard, and got on, flicking up deuces as she took off into the market."
    "I was kind of hurt she didn't remember me, but not surprised. We were both much older, after all. I don't remember my 1st grade teacher."
    "... Did I actually introduce myself, actually?"
    "Huh. I aught to remember to do that next time, with..."
    
   
