Define l = character(“Cileren”)
Define cc = character(“Casey”)
Show cardcileren
    
    cc “Could it be? It had to be…”

    cc “It was the one and only Cileren Naezeros, the college Wizardball star.”

    cc “She was born into the upper-upper crust, and because of that her parents could afford the best Wizardball tutors out there.”

    cc “Her skills shined brightly in the college circuit, like a lightbulb…”

    cc “A light bulb that was very”

    cc “very”

    cc “bright.”

    cc “Sadly, the saccharine call of the frat lifestyle was too sweet for her to dismiss.”

    cc “She started missing games to hang out at parties. Eventually, she was kicked off the team.”

    cc “Maybe if I could convince her she still had what it takes, just maybe she’d be willing to join the team.”

hide cardcileren

Show cileran

    cc “Say, I don’t mean to intrude, but are you Cileren Naezieros?”

    l “Why do you wanna know, dudester? You a narc?”

    cc “God no. I promise, I just have an offer I’d like to make.”

    l “Not a narc, huh? Wanna toke up to prove it? I may or may not just be looking for someone to talk to right now.”

menu:

    “Sure.”:
    “I felt a cough coming on as I held in the drag but managed to supress it.”

    “I don’t smoke…”:
    l “Thats chill dude! Peer pressure is lame-ass, you do you."

    cc “Thanks. Hey, I’m curious. What exactly are you hanging around this field for? I thought you quit playing.”

    l “Alrighty Brosephina, You ready for some real home grown moody existential hours shit?”

    l “Sometimes, I’m not really all about that Fr@-LyfeTM. All the kickass parties and all-nighters. It can leave a bro kinda overwhelmed if you feel me. And anyways most of     the time I just do it so I’ll get into trouble.”

    l “Seems like the only way I can get my parents to notice me, but it's pretty draining.”

    cc “Damn. That's actually way heavier a revelation than I expected from this chat.”

    l “Yeah. Parties may smack-mega-hard in the best way possible, but it can all get so…"

    l “Exhausting.”

    l “Life really can be too much to handle for its own good sometimes.”

    l “Sometimes I just need to vibe. And this place always reminds me of my days playing Wizardball. Most of my happiest memories are from this place so… I vibe here.”

    cc “Do you ever wish you could go back to your Wizardball days?”

    l “Maybe a ‘lil, on the DL you know?”

    cc “Well, if you really do, I’m putting a team together, and we could really use a player with your skills.”

    l “Broski… you really mean that?”

    cc “Cross my heart. Welcome aboard, Cileran Naezieros.”

    “Cileran gave a salute, which seemed odd, but I saluted back. I told her about the first game, and she promised to get there on time.”

    “Concerning, mostly because time wasn’t an issue I brought up.”

    “After Cileran… Hm… There was…”

hide cileran
return
