    Define di = Character(“Diver”)
    Define cc = Character(“Casey”)

    show carddiver
    
    “The first thing that stuck out to me was the suit.”

    “What was this person clunking around the market in that bulky thing for?”

    “The Dictionary refers to a shot in the dark as ‘A chance taken when you have no information or knowledge about the subject, and therefore cannot possibly know what the outcome will be.”

    “Sometimes… these shots wind up paying off.”

    hide carddiver

    Show diver

    scene market


    cc “Excuse me, but might you know of any fine wizardball players from around here that I may be able to acquire for the team I’m building.”

    di “Oh goodness! Are you talking to me?.”

    cc “Yes, you in the diving suit. Say, why exactly are you wearing that thing?

    di “Gosh um, it’s kinda funny actually.”

    di “Y’see, I was born in the fifth house of empty sorrow within the vast eldritch nothingness of the cosmos! 

    cc “Excuse me what?”

    di “Oh um sorry! I should explain better. Most mortals refer to me as an ‘Eldritch tentacle monster’... but I don’t really know what most of those words mean.”

    di “So given the fact that no mortal creature can gaze upon my grim visage without going mad, I wear this suit! So I can live in the mortal world.

    di “(It also helps cause I sometimes get a little nervous talking to new people, or any people for that matter)”

    cc “Well allow me to make my acquaintance! Name’s Casey, and you are…?”

    di “Oh um sorry for not introducing myself! I’m Y’gthangsogy’rislil”

    di “But all my friends call me Diver!

    cc “Pleased to meet you Diver. So like I asked earlier… know any skilled wizardball players?”

    di “Wizardball players?! (Hey I’m one of those!).

    di “Um, Yeah! Actually I play a little in the minor leagues.”

    cc “Well then, wanna join my team?”

    di “Oh shoot I’m not so sure about that. The last game I played my helmet came off by accident…

    di “Half the audience was transported to a non euclidian nightmare dimension”

    di “And- and the other half made fun of me for my tentacles!”

    di “I’d be so embarrassed if something like that happens again, jeez…”

    menu:

    “Don’t worry! If anybody makes fun of you we can beat the living shit out of them, as a team!”:
    di “R-really?! You’d do that for me? (I’ve never had someone promise to beat the living shit out of people for me!)

    “What they say about you doesn’t matter. You’re a beautiful tentacle monster and you shouldn’t let anyone tell you otherwise.”:
    di “Oh… oh my gosh. If you really think so, maybe I can play on the team!”

    after_menu:

    cc “Diver, I would love to have you play for us.”

    di “Oh goodness... Alrighty I’m In!”

    Cc

    hide diver
